a time for us some day they'll be when
changed at all by courage
[Music]
we wanna come
as we passed or anything
sign for us someday
[Music]
wonderful together what a partnership
you two are you really are Bruno I are
swept away in the sea ah oh I think
everybody is oh yeah I'm glad you got
back fabulous from being swept away
right okay this exhausted crane it
actually gave me goosebumps oh really
I felt something that had ever happened
before too you know not on this show
good good yeah another star performance
fantastic yes it was it was a lean
floaty
fluid flawless I was carried away I
forgot where I was I was in a dream
now now ladies please I listen to Lin
he's got a lot to say because I thought
it was a delightful performance I was I
I don't want to bore everybody with
there was a little problem sometimes
with your feet which I'll tell you about
in my dressing room are naughty boys did
naughty old man oh okay we all loved it
[Applause]
Craig Revel Horwood No
the competition so far I can't believe
it